[ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Darwin: WAIT. WHAT?
>> Mom: YOU ARE PROCRASTINATORS.
>> Darwin: WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> Gumball: PROCRASTINATOR --
DERIVED FROM THE MEXICAN WORD,
PROCRATELMACIóN, WHICH MEANS
"MIDNIGHT SNACK," AND THE VIKING
WORD ASTENATOR, WHICH MEANS
"PUCKERED CHEEKS."
IT DESCRIBES A PERSON WHO SITS
ON A SANDWICH IN THE DARK.
OF COURSE I DON'T KNOW, DUDE.
YOU KNOW HOW I USE A DICTIONARY.
>> Dad: AAH!
[ THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! ]
>> Anais: A PROCRASTINATOR IS
SOMEONE WHO ALWAYS AVOIDS THEIR
RESPONSIBILITIES BY DOING
SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD.
>> Gumball: HA HA!
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
>> Mom: GUMBALL, YOU'RE SUCH A
PROCRASTINATOR THAT YOU WERE
FOUR YEARS OLD BEFORE YOU
FINISHED YOUR FIRST SENTENCE.
AND EVEN THEN, IT WAS, "I'LL DO
IT TOMORROW."
LOOK, I'M GOING TO THE GROCERY
STORE.
I'LL BE BACK AT 5:00, AND THE
TRASH BETTER BE GONE.
>> Gumball: FINE!
WE'LL SHOW YOU WE'RE NOT
PROSTHETIC ACTORS!
>> Anais: YOU MEAN YOU'RE NOT
MOVIE STARS WITH BIONIC BODY
PARTS?
>> Gumball: PAWN INVESTIGATORS!
>> Anais: IT'S
"PROCRASTINATORS."
>> Gumball: YOU'RE SUCH A SMUG
"FACE-INATOR."
[ SNAP! ]
>> Mom: HEY, STOP WASTING TIME
AND TAKE OUT THE TRASH -- UNLESS
YOU WANT TO FACE...
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
..."THE TERMOMINATOR."
[ IMITATING GEARS WHIRRING ]
[ As Schwarzenegger ] I'LL BE
BACK...
AT AROUND 5:00.
[ IMITATING GEARS WHIRRING ]
>> Gumball: DON'T WORRY, MOM!
WE'LL GET RIGHT ON IT.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ MONITOR BEEPS ]
>> Darwin: SHOULDN'T WE BE
TAKING OUT THE TRASH?
>> Gumball: HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
I GOT TO MOAN ABOUT IT ON
ELMOREPLUS FIRST.
"OMG GOT TO SL@V3 AWAY TKING OUT
DA TRASH...SMH."
>> Darwin: DUDE, YOU SPELLED
TRASH RIGHT.
>> Gumball: OH, YEAH.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKING ]
>> Darwin: ADD SOME LITTLE FACE
THINGS.
>> Gumball: HMM.
SHOULD I ADD "YOLO"?
>> Darwin: WHAT?! NO, DUDE.
HAVE SOME SELF-RESPECT.
JUST PUT "#SWAG."
>> Gumball: ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GET ON WITH IT.
>> Darwin: HOLD ON.
LET'S JUST CHECK IF ANYTHING
ELSE INTERESTING IS HAPPENING ON
ELMOREPLUS.
>> Gumball: OKAY, BUT QUICKLY.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKS ]
[ WHIR! ]
WHAT THE WHAT?!
DUDE, WE WERE ONLY ON ELMOREPLUS
FOR A SECOND, AND ALMOST HALF AN
HOUR PASSED!
>> Darwin: LET ME TRY.
[ WHIR! ]
[ MOUSE CLICKS ]
[ WHIR! WHIR! WHIR! WHIR! ]
DUDE, ELMOREPLUS REALLY PUTS THE
"PRO" INTO "PROCRASTINATING."
>> Gumball: IT'S FAR TOO
DANGEROUS!
BY THE TIME WE'RE FINISHED,
WE'LL HAVE MORE WRINKLES THAN A
TOE AFTER A BATH.
WE NEED TO LEAVE -- NOW!
[ BOTH GRUNTING, WIND RUSHING ]
[ MACHINERY POWERING UP ]
[ BLAM! ]
>> Both: EH.
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ PASTORAL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ SIZZLE! ]
>> Gumball: [ Weakly ] HOW DO I
LOOK?
>> Gumball: [ Weakly ] LIKE A
MOVIE STAR'S DAD.
HOW ABOUT ME?
>> Gumball: AWESOME.
LIKE A HANDSOME LEATHER SHOE.
>> Darwin: COOOOOOL.
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Gumball: HEY, WATCH THIS.
>> Darwin: MM. NOT BAD.
[ SQUAWK! ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ VIDEO-GAME MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ BEATBOXING ]
EE-HEE!
>> Gumball: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Darwin: I'M PRACTICING MY
MOONWALK!
>> Gumball: THAT'S NOT HOW YOU
MOONWALK, DUDE.
WATCH AND LEARN.
[ DRAMATIC BALLET MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Darwin: DUDE, YOU'RE BREAKING
THE RULES OF THE GAME -- AND THE
LAWS OF PHYSICS!
>> Gumball: [ Echoing ] WHAT?
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
IN SPACE, NO ONE CAN HEAR YOU
WHINE.
>> Darwin: WELL, IN SPACE, NO
ONE CAN BREATHE WITHOUT A
HELMET.
[ SOUR NOTES PLAY ]
>> Gumball: [ GURGLING ]
AAH! AAH!
OHH.
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Both: FOOD FIGHT!
>> DARWIN: Pea squadron, we have
visual on carrot target.
>> GUMBALL: General Spork
talking.
You have permission to move in.
>> DARWIN: Wait!
There's a battalion of sweet
corn!
They're popping!
I repeat, they are popping!
We're getting mushed!
>> GUMBALL: This is
General Spork.
You have 10 seconds before
sausage air strike -- That's 10
seconds.
>> DARWIN: No, wait!
Sir, there are peas still in the
pod!
>> GUMBALL: Five seconds.
>> DARWIN: Abort! Abort!
>> GUMBALL: Four...
>> DARWIN: I say abort!
>> GUMBALL: Three...
[ WHISTLE! ]
Two...
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
One...
THAT WAS NOWHERE NEAR AS FUN AS
I THOUGHT THAT'D BE.
>> GUMBALL: I think I lost my
appetite.
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Darwin: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Gumball: I'M
TREASURE-HUNTING.
>> Darwin: DUDE, THERE'S NOTHING
INTERESTING DOWN THERE.
>> Gumball: OH, REALLY?
[ HUMMING THEME TO
"2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY" ]
[ BLOWS RASPBERRIES ]
>> Darwin: UGH!
THAT MILK-CHOCOLATE BAR IS SO
OLD, IT MUST'VE TURNED INTO
CHEESE-CHOCOLATE.
JUST THROW IT AWAY.
>> Gumball: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE ARE TWO OF
MY FAVORITE THINGS!
[ GURGLE! GURGLE! ]
[ POP! ]
[ GULP! ]
[ GURGLE! ]
>> Darwin: DUDE, STOP!
YOU CLEARLY DON'T LIKE IT.
>> Gumball: MY BODY JUST HAS TO
LEARN TO LIKE IT.
[ GURGLE! GURGLE! ]
SEE?
SUCH IS THE POWER OF THE MIND
OVER THE --
[ RETCHES ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
DUDE, I'M NOT SURE THIS IS A
GOOD IDEA.
>> Darwin: I BET YOU A DOLLAR
NOTHING BREAKS.
>> Gumball: YOU'RE ON.
>> Darwin: [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
COUGH UP.
[ CLATTER! ]
>> Gumball: THANK YOU.
AND THANK YOU.
[ LAUGHS ]
[ SHATTER! ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Darwin: THIS STARING MATCH IS
BORING.
HOW CAN WE SPICE IT UP?
>> Gumball: LIKE THIS.
>> Darwin: AAH! AAH!
>> Gumball: OR LIKE THIS!
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
HEY, DUDE. CAN YOU DO THIS?
[ WHOO-WHOO! WHOO-WHOO!]
>> Darwin: NO.
BUT CAN YOU DO THIS?
[ WHOOOO-WHOO! ]
>> Gumball: NOT BAD.
BUT CAN YOU DO THIS?
[ GRUNTS ]
[ CREAK! ]
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
>> Darwin: NOT BAD.
BUT CAN YOU DO THIS?
[ POP! ]
>> Gumball: NO.
BUT HOW ABOUT THIS?
OH, HI!
>> Darwin: HOW ABOUT THIS?
>> Gumball: YEAH?
WELL, CAN YOU FIT YOUR WHOLE ARM
IN YOUR MOUTH?
[ BABBLES ]
>> Darwin: I CAN FIT TWO -- AND
A LEG!
[ BABBLES ]
>> Gumball: HOW ABOUT THIS?
[ GAGS ]
>> Darwin: HOW 'BOUT THIS?
[ BABBLES ]
[ GULP! GULP! GULP! ]
[ BOTH BABBLING ]
[ POP! ]
[ DOG BARKING, BIRDS CHIRPING ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ Deep voice ] ARE YOU READY FOR
THE FIRE-SAUCE CHALLENGE?
>> Darwin: EH, NOT SO BAD.
>> Gumball: [ Normal voice ] EH.
[ SIZZLE! ]
AAH! AAH! AAH!
[ PANTING ]
[ BOOM! ]
>> Darwin: [ CHUCKLES ] SOME
PEOPLE JUST CAN'T HANDLE THEIR
HOT SA-- OOOOOOOOOOOHH!
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ WHAP! ]
[ JOHANN STRAUSS'
"VOICES OF SPRING" PLAYS ]
>> Gumball: [ YOWLING ]
[ RIP! ]
[ CONTINUES YOWLING ]
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
>> Darwin: NAH, THIS LASER PEN
IS GARBAGE.
>> Gumball: [ YOWLS ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ CLOCK TICKING ]
>> Gumball: OKAY, I GUESS IT'S
TIME.
AHH!
THAT CLOCK WAS DRIVING ME NUTS.
OKAY, WHO WOULD BE THE
BEST-LOOKING GIRL?
ONE, TWO, THREE!
>> Darwin: [ SIGHS ]
YOU KNOW WHAT'S MISSING?
>> Gumball: MORE MAKEUP.
I THINK MOM'S GOT SOME IN HER
BEDR-- OHH!
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
HMM.
>> Darwin: [ SIGHS ]
>> GUMBALL: Perfect.
>> Darwin: SO, ARE YOU GONNA
TEACH ME TO PLAY NOW?
>> Gumball: YES, DARWIN, BUT
REMEMBER, CHESS IS A VERY
COMPLEX AND STRATEGIC GAME.
YOU DO NOT PLAY THE BOARD --
YOU PLAY YOUR OPPONENT.
>> Darwin: LIKE HOW?
>> Gumball: LIKE THIS!
[ LAUGHING ]
OKAY, FINISHED.
GO ON. SHOW YOURS.
>> Darwin: NO, YOU FIRST.
>> Gumball: OKAY.
BOTH AT THE SAME TIME.
>> Both: THREE, TWO, ONE...
>> Gumball: DUDE, WE WERE
SUPPOSED TO BE DOING PORTRAITS!
WHY WOULD YOU ADD A SCARY CLOWN
THROUGH A WINDOW INSIDE OF A
BEAUTIFUL --
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
[ SHRILL HORROR MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> [ Deep voice ] I'VE GOT A
TELEGRAM FOR GUMBALL AND
DARWIN WATTERSON.
[ Rapping ] ♪ TAKE OUT THE
TRASH, IT COULD BE DONE IN A
FLASH ♪
♪ IF YOU DO THE MATH, YOU COULD
AVOID YOUR MOM'S WRATH ♪
SIGNED, "NICOLE WATTERSON."
>> Gumball: WELL, I GUESS WE HAD
TO DO IT AT SOME POINT.
[ MONITOR BEEPS ]
[ MACHINERY POWERING UP ]
[ CRASH! ]
THAT'S IT!
I'M DELETING MY ELMOREPLUS
ACCOUNT!
OKAY, "ARE YOU SURE?"
YES.
"ARE YOU REALLY SURE?"
"ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY SURE?"
YES.
YES, I'M ABSOLUTELY SURE!
"ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY SURE?"
FOR SECURITY REASONS, PLEASE
YES, I'M ABSOLUTELY SURE!
ENTER THE WORD IN THE BOX BELOW.
FOR SECURITY REASONS, PLEASE
OKAY, UH...
[ MONITOR BEEPS ]
AHA! JUST CLICK "CONFIRM."
[ MOUSE CLICKING RAPIDLY ]
[ SCREAMS ]
THIS IS HOW YOU DELETE AN
ELMOREPLUS ACCOUNT!
[ CREAK! CREAK! ]
HOLD ON.
[ Strained ] IT'S GOT THOSE
LITTLE SCREWS IN THE BACK.
[ GRUNTS ]
THIS IS HOW YOU DELETE AN
ELMOREPLUS ACCOUNT!
HYAH!
[ MACHINERY POWERING UP ]
OH, MAN.
RUNNING OUT OF "PROCRASTILATION"
IDEAS.
>> Darwin: LOOKS LIKE WE'LL HAVE
TO TAKE THE TRASH OUT AFTER ALL.
[ INHALES DEEPLY, BLOWS ]
>> Gumball: [ CLICKS TONGUE ]
>> Darwin: [ BLOWS RASPBERRY ]
>> Gumball: PBHT!
[ PLOP! ]
>> Darwin: [ BLOWS RASPBERRY ]
[ DING! DING! DING! ]
[ PLOP! ]
[ BLOWS RASPBERRY ]
[ DING! DING! DING! ]
[ SCRATCH! ]
[ BLOWS RASPBERRY ]
[ DING! DING! DING! DING! ]
[ SCRATCH! ]
[ ARM-PIT FART ]
[ DING! DING! DING! DING! ]
[ GLASS SQUEAKING RHYTHMICALLY,
[ ARM-PIT FART ]
STACCATO FARTS ]
[ DUCK SQUEAKING RHYTHMICALLY,
[ AIR HORN BLOWS ]
STACCATO FARTS ]
[ RHYTHMIC SQUEAKING CONTINUES ]
[ AIR HORN BLOWS ]
[ DING! ]
[ BUZZER ]
[ ARM-PIT FART ]
>> Gumball: OH, MY GOSH!
IT'S 5:00 P.M.!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
>> Mom: DID YOU TAKE OUT THE
TRASH?
>> Both: MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
>> Mom: GOOD.
NOW TAKE THE GROCERIES AND PUT
THEM AWAY.
>> Darwin: HA. YEAH. SURE.
[ IMITATING GEARS WHIRRING ]
>> Darwin: PHEW!
[ ENGINE REVVING ]
[ GASPS ] WE'RE COOKED!
>> Gumball: NOT YET.
[ HEROIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OHH!
[ HEROIC MUSIC CONTINUES ]
[ FLIES BUZZING ]
>> Dad: UH, CAN I HAVE SOME MORE
OF THE SPORTS SECTION, PLEASE?
>> Mom: [ SIGHS ] CAN SOMEONE
PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME HOW THIS
HAPPENED?
>> Gumball: UH...WRONG BAG.
>> Gumball: [ GAGGING ]
OH, MY HEART! OH, IT IS BROKEN!
AAH! I'M GOING!
[ Strained ] I'M GOING!
AAH! OHH!
THIS IS THE END OF ME!
[ GROANING ]
AAH! MY HEART!
[ GURGLING, BABBLING ]
[ ALL SIGH ]
[ GURGLING ]
>> All: OHH.
[ GUMBALL CONTINUES GURGLING ]
>> Dad: [ WHIMPERING ]
IS THE BEAST GONNA BE ALL RIGHT?
HE JUST WANTED TO BE LOVED!
[ WHIMPERING ]
[ GUMBALL CONTINUES GURGLING ]
[ DEATH RATTLE ]
>> Darwin: [ CRYING ]
WHEN BELLE CAME TO SEE THE
BEAST, SHE REALIZED THAT SHE HAD
LOVED HIM ALL ALONG AND CRIED
FOR HER LOST LOVE.
>> [ CRYING ]
>> Gumball: THANKS TO YOUR
TEARS, BELLE, THE CURSE HAS BEEN
LIFTED!
>> Dad: THEY CALLED HIM A BEAST
BECAUSE HE LOOKS LIKE A BEAST,
BUT HER LOVE MADE HIM BEAUTIFUL!
>> YEAH.
NOW THAT THE FAIRY'S CURSE HAS
BEEN LIFTED, WE CAN FINALLY SEAL
OUR LOVE...
with a kiss.
[ HONK! ]
[ DRUMROLL ]
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Gumball: IS THIS REALLY
HAPPENING?!
'CAUSE THERE WAS NO KISS IN
REHEARSALS.
>> I KINDA IMPROVISED.
>> Gumball: [ PANTING ]
THEN HOW COME WE'RE NOT
EXPLODING?!
WE'RE IN SPACE!
AND WHY ARE WE ALWAYS IN SPACE
WHEN WE'RE GONNA KISS?
ALSO --
>> Come on. Hurry up.
Everyone's looking.
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
>> [ COUGHS ]
[ MUSIC RESUMES ]
>> THREE, TWO, ONE...
>> Gumball: [ INHALES DEEPLY ]
[ WHAP! ]
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
[ SOBBING ]
>> Darwin: COME ON.
I'M SURE IT WASN'T THAT BAD.
>> Gumball: NOT THAT BAD?!
IF I DID THAT IN A CAGE FIGHT,
I'D BE DISQUALIFIED!
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
>> HEY, GUYS. DON'T PANIC.
WE DON'T KNOW HOW BAD IT IS YET.
COME ON. TELL ME HOW IT LOOKS.
>> Gumball: [ INHALES SHARPLY ]
UH, IT'S A NICE SCAR.
GIVES YOU CHARACTER, LIKE
A...BEAUTIFUL WARLORD OR AN
ADORABLE FRANKENSTEIN -- OR
SOMETHING.
>> WAIT! I'VE GOT A SCAR?!
>> Darwin: NO, DON'T WORRY.
IT'S NOT A SCAR.
IT'S MORE OF A CRACK.
>> WHAT?! HOW BAD IS IT?!
>> Gumball: OH, NO, IT'S CUTE!
[ Sweetly ] IT'S LIKE THERE WAS
A TEENY-WEENY REALLY PRETTY
EARTHQUAKE IN YOUR FACE.
>> [ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
[ GASPS ]
>> Gumball: WHAT WAS THAT?
>> NOTHING!
>> Gumball: OHH, WHAT HAVE I
DONE?!
>> [ SIGHS ] WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Darwin: HURTING YOUR HEAD
MADE HIS HEART HURT, SO HE'S
HURTING HIS HEAD WITH YOUR HAND
TO HEAL HIS HEART.
>> [ SIGHS ] LOOK, IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO DO SOMETHING, JUST HELP
ME FIX THIS.
>> Darwin: HMM.
WELL, MAYBE IF WE PUT THE ACCENT
ON YOUR GOOD EYE AND INTEGRATE
THE AREA OF DISCONTENT INTO THE
PIECE AS A WHOLE, NO ONE WILL
NOTICE.
OKAY, PASS ME THE ROUGE.
OKAY, PASS ME THE MASCARA.
FORGET IT.
PASS ME THE PAINT ROLLER.
>> GUYS.
THIS ISN'T GOING TO WORK.
I'M GOING TO HAVE TO TELL MY
DAD.
>> Gumball: HEY, SO, UM, YOU
KNOW WHEN YOU WERE LOOKING AT
YOUR EYE AND THERE WAS THAT --
MM -- WHAT WAS THAT?
>> DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.
>> Gumball: YOU KNOW, THERE WAS
THAT --
[ BABBLING ]
>> I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
>> Gumball: YOU KNOW. THE --
[ BABBLES ]
>> I REALLY DON'T KNOW --
>> Darwin: WHAT'S IN THE SHELL,
WOMAN?!
>> [ SIGHS ] OKAY.
IT'S THE...
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S THE REAL ME.
>> Gumball: GET OUTTA HERE!
CAN I SEE?
>> NO. NO ONE CAN SEE.
MY DAD WOULD GO NUTS.
>> Gumball: DON'T WORRY, YOUNG
LADY.
[ Laughing ] I AM THE
NUTCRACKER!
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, THAT'S FUNNY.
'CAUSE I CRACKED YOUR SHELL.
[ LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ]
[ SIGHS ]
>> Darwin: [ IMITATES RIM SHOT ]
[ TONGUES FLAPPING ]
OKAY, I THINK YOU'VE DONE ENOUGH
ARGUMENT WARM-UP.
ARE YOU READY TO TELL HER DAD
NOW?
[ WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! ]
>> Gumball: YEAH, I GUESS IT'S
TIME.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
NO, I'M STILL TERRIFIED.
[ TONGUES FLAPPING ]
>> HEY! WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?!
>> [ GASPS ]
>> PENNY, WHERE WERE YOU?
WE WERE WORRIED SICK!
>> Gumball: MR. FITZGERALD!
CAN I CALL YOU ROB?
>> NO.
>> Gumball: CAN I CALL YOU
BOBBY?
>> [ GROWLS ]
>> Gumball: BOBERT? THE BEBOP?
BERTRO? BOBZILLA?
NO WAIT! TREBOR!
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S ROBERT BACKWARDS.
>> MY NAME IS PATRICK.
>> OKAY, DAD.
[ SIGHS ]
BEFORE YOU SAY ANYTHING, DON'T
GET MAD.
>> WHAT THE...
WHAT HAPPENED?!
WERE YOU INVOLVED IN THIS?
>> Darwin: I WOULDN'T SAY
INVOLVED -- MORE LIKE DIRECTLY
RESPONSI-- AAH!
>> Gumball: I DON'T SEE THE
PROBLEM.
I MEAN WHAT'S INSIDE THAT SHELL
THAT'S SO SCARY?
>> SOMETHING UNSTABLE AND
DANGEROUS, AND WE NEED TO FIX
THIS RIGHT NOW!
>> Gumball: HEY!
>> WHAT IF I DON'T WANT TO BE
FIXED?
>> YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT,
PENNY.
AND YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
MESSING WITH!
>> Gumball: HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?!
>> HE'S RIGHT, DAD.
EVERYONE IN THE FAMILY HAS SPENT
THEIR WHOLE LIVES HIDING FROM
THEMSELVES.
>> PENNY, YOU'RE GROUNDED!
>> UGH!
>> NOW, LISTEN, YOU.
PENNY IS MY DAUGHTER, AND I
DECIDE WHAT'S BEST FOR HER!
>> Gumball: WHAT?!
SO BEST IS NOT BEING HERSELF?!
>> Darwin: [ GRUNTING ]
>> Gumball: HEY, PATRICK, COME
ON!
PAT!
PATMAN!
PATTY-CAKES?
LET'S JUST GO.
[ SILVERWARE CLINKING ]
>> Anais: WHY ARE WE DOING THIS,
AGAIN?
>> Mom: BECAUSE YOUR FATHER IS
ALWAYS JEALOUS OF WHAT'S ON HIS
NEIGHBOR'S PLATE.
>> Anais: WHY DO WE ALL HAVE TO
DO IT?
>> Mom: BECAUSE HE ALWAYS CRIES
WHEN HE'S THE FIRST ONE TO
FINISH.
>> Dad: NICOLE!
OPERATION GREENER GRASS HAS
FAILED!
THE CHAIN IS COMPROMISED!
WE ARE LOSING CALORIES!
REPEAT, WE ARE LOSING CALORIES!
>> Mom: WHAT'S WRONG, GUMBALL,
HONEY?
DON'T YOU LIKE DARWIN'S DINNER?
>> Gumball: I DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT.
>> Darwin: GUMBALL HEADBUTTED
PENNY AND NOW HE'S NEVER ALLOWED
TO SEE HER AGAIN.
>> Gumball: I MEANT I DON'T WANT
ANYBODY TO TALK ABOUT IT.
>> Dad: AW. COME HERE.
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
>> Mom: ARE YOU OKAY, HONEY?
YOU'VE HAD NOTHING TO EAT.
>> Gumball: PBHT!
DON'T WORRY, MOM.
I'M A BIG BOY. I'LL BE FINE.
[ DOOR SHUTS ]
[ SOBBING ]
[ KNOCK ON WINDOW ]
PENNY?
>> THANKS.
[ GRUNTS ]
GUMBALL, I CAME TO...
HAVE YOU BEEN CRYING?
>> Gumball: NO, I JUST HAVE
REALLY SWEATY EYES.
WAIT. THAT'S DISGUSTING.
YEAH, I WAS CRYING.
>> I CAME TO SAY I'M MOVING TO
ANOTHER SCHOOL.
DAD THINKS IT'S FOR THE BEST.
>> Gumball: WHAT THE WHAT?!
EXCUSE MY FRENCH, PENNY, BUT
THIS IS TOTAL BAGUETTE!
IT IS NOT FOR THE BEST THAT
YOU'RE FORBIDDEN TO BE WHO YOU
REALLY ARE.
[ RUMBLE! ]
>> Together: SHH!
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
[ RUMBLE! ]
>> Gumball: BE YOURSELF.
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
COME OUT OF YOUR SHELL.
>> Gumball: BE YOURSELF.
>> BUT MAYBE YOU WOULDN'T LIKE
COME OUT OF YOUR SHELL.
THE REAL ME.
>> BUT MAYBE YOU WOULDN'T LIKE
>> Gumball: THERE'S NO WAY THAT
THE REAL ME.
COULD BE TRUE.
>> Gumball: THERE'S NO WAY THAT
WHATEVER'S INSIDE, WE CAN DEAL
COULD BE TRUE.
WITH IT TOGETHER.
WHATEVER'S INSIDE, WE CAN DEAL
>> TOGETHER?
WITH IT TOGETHER.
>> Gumball: TOGETHER.
>> TOGETHER?
>> YOU'RE RIGHT. YOU'RE RIGHT!
>> Gumball: TOGETHER.
I'M GONNA DO IT!
>> YOU'RE RIGHT. YOU'RE RIGHT!
>> Gumball: THAT'S IT!
I'M GONNA DO IT!
BREAK FREE, PENNY!
>> Gumball: THAT'S IT!
>> OKAY. HERE WE GO.
BREAK FREE, PENNY!
I'M GONNA BE...MYSELF!
>> OKAY. HERE WE GO.
>> Gumball: [ BREATHING DEEPLY ]
I'M GONNA BE...MYSELF!
WHAT THE WHAT?
>> Gumball: [ BREATHING DEEPLY ]
[ TWINKLE! ]
WHAT THE WHAT?
[ STAMMERS ]
[ TWINKLE! ]
YOU LOOK...
[ STAMMERS ]
Y-YOU LOOK...
YOU LOOK...
>> WHAT? DO I LOOK BAD?
Y-YOU LOOK...
>> Gumball: NO! YOU LOOK, UH...
>> WHAT? DO I LOOK BAD?
>> [ Raspy ] I LOOK DISGUSTING,
>> Gumball: NO! YOU LOOK, UH...
DON'T I?!
>> [ Raspy ] I LOOK DISGUSTING,
>> Gumball: NO, PENNY, I THINK
DON'T I?!
YOU LOOK --
>> Gumball: NO, PENNY, I THINK
>> DON'T LOOK AT ME!
YOU LOOK --
[ Deep voice ] I'M A MONSTER!
>> DON'T LOOK AT ME!
[ SQUAWKS ]
[ Deep voice ] I'M A MONSTER!
>> Gumball: NO, PENNY, WAIT!
[ SQUAWKS ]
YOU LOOK...
>> Gumball: NO, PENNY, WAIT!
EXTRAORDINARY.
YOU LOOK...
>> Dad: NO!
EXTRAORDINARY.
IT'S A TRAGIC MISUNDERSTANDING
>> Dad: NO!
THAT COULD'VE BEEN REALLY EASILY
IT'S A TRAGIC MISUNDERSTANDING
AVOIDED IF HE JUST FINISHED HIS
THAT COULD'VE BEEN REALLY EASILY
SENTENCE IN TIME!
AVOIDED IF HE JUST FINISHED HIS
>> Mom: [ GASPS ]
SENTENCE IN TIME!
>> Gumball: PENNY, PLEASE WAIT!
>> Mom: [ GASPS ]
>> Mom: GUMBALL!
>> Gumball: PENNY, PLEASE WAIT!
>> [ SQUAWKS ]
>> Mom: GUMBALL!
>> Gumball: [ Winded ] PENNY!
>> [ SQUAWKS ]
LET ME FINISH!
>> Gumball: [ Winded ] PENNY!
PLEASE STOP RUNNING!
LET ME FINISH!
[ CHUCKLES ]
PLEASE STOP RUNNING!
MY SWEAT MARKS ARE REACHING MY
[ CHUCKLES ]
PANTS.
[ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ]
>> OH, GUMBALL, STOP TRYING.
YOU'VE SAID ENOUGH.
[ Distorted ] HOW COULD ANYONE
LOVE THIS?!
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> AAH! HAROLD! DO SOMETHING!
>> [ Deep voice ] DON'T WORRY,
HONEY.
I'LL DEAL WITH THIS.
>> [ SIGHS ]
[ Dialing ]
HELLO. IS THAT PEST CONTROL?
YEAH, YEAH, I NEED HELP.
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
KIND OF LIKE AN UGLY COW ON
STEROIDS BUT...
UGLIER.
>> OHH.
>> Gumball: PENNY, COME BACK!
>> I'M DISGUSTING!
I'M A DISGUSTING PIG!
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> WHAT THE...
YOU CAME OUT OF YOUR SHELL.
>> Gumball: [ CHUCKLES ]
I KNOW.
SHE LOOKS FANTASTIC, RIGHT?
>> WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
YOU'VE TURNED HER INTO A FREAK.
>> Gumball: A FREAKISHLY
BEAUTIFUL YOUNG LADY.
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
>> SHE LOOKS LIKE A PIG...
>> Gumball: ...TURE [PICTURE] OF
BEAUTY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ABSOLUTELY.
>> YOU TURNED MY DAUGHTER INTO A
MONSTER!
>> Gumball: TRUCK...
OF PRETTINESS?
>> [ SQUAWKS ]
GUMBALL, PLEASE TELL MY FATHER
THAT THE MONSTER HAS GONE TO
LIVE IN THE FOREST WITH ALL THE
OTHER BEASTS.
[ SQUAWKS ]
>> Gumball: [ SIGHS ]
>> WHAT?
>> Gumball: [ Stupidly ] DUR!
I WONDER WHY MY DAUGHTER IS
UPSET AFTER I CALLED HER A
FREAKING PIG MONSTER?
[ Normal voice ] NOW, WITH ALL
DUE RESPECT, I'M GONNA HAVE TO
ASK YOU TO SHUT UP!
THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
DO YOU REALIZE YOU WERE WRONG?
GOOD, BUT DON'T BEAT YOURSELF UP
ABOUT IT!
PARENTING IS HARD!
NOW POP THE HOOD.
[ SCREAMING ]
WHOA-HO-HO! OHH!
I'M NOT LETTING YOU LEAVE!
>> GUMBALL, NO! YOU'LL GET HURT!
>> Gumball: AAH! LOOK OUT! AAH!
[ SCREAMING ]
UH, PENNY, GO UP, GO UP, GO UP!
>> YOU'RE TOO HEAVY!
>> Gumball: AW, MAN!
[ CRASH! ]
[ High-pitched ] AAH!
[ Continues in deep voice ] AAH!
[ CLATTER! ]
>> Gumball: WAIT!
[ CRASH! ]
[ SCREAMS ]
>> GUMBALL, GET OFF. LET ME GO!
>> Gumball: [ SCREAMING ]
[ HORN BLARES ]
>> WHAT DO YOU CARE?
I'M NOTHING TO YOU NOW.
[ HORN BLARES ]
>> Gumball: Y-YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE NOTHING TO ME!
YOU HEAR? YOU'RE NOTHING!
>> [ CRIES ]
[ HORN BLARING ]
[ High-pitched ] I KNEW IT!
>> Gumball: NO, NO, NO!
I JUST SAID THAT SO YOU'D
SHRINK!
[ SIREN WAILING, TIRES SCREECH ]
>> PEST CONTROL! OUT OF THE WAY!
[ DART FIRES ]
>> [ SNARLS ]
>> HEY, KID!
GO GET HER.
OUF!
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> Mom: STOP!
I COMMAND YOU TO ST--
[ BABBLES ]
>> OH, CREEPERS.
I AM SO SORRY, MADAM.
>> Mom: [ Slurring ] HOW DARE
YOU?!
YOU SHOT ME!
KIDS, HELP ME TEACH THIS GUY A
LESSON.
>> [ GRUNTING ]
>> Dad: THAT'S IT, GUM-BELLE!
GO SAVE THE BEAST!
[ WOLF HOWLS ]
>> Gumball: PENNY? PENNY?
>> [ SNORTS ]
>> Gumball: YOU KNOW, I-I WAS
TRYING TO PROTECT YOU BACK
THERE.
>> [ Raspy ] YES. I KNOW.
>> Gumball: AND YOU KNOW WHY?
>> YES, I KNOW WHY.
BUT JUST LOOK AT ME.
WHAT WILL YOU THINK WHEN PEOPLE
LAUGH AT US?
>> Gumball: NO OFFENSE, BUT YOU
KINDA LOOKED LIKE A BIG COCONUT
WITH HOLES IN IT BEFORE.
>> BUT DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU
COULD LOVE...THIS?!
>> Gumball: THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU
ARE.
IT'S JUST HOW YOU FEEL.
And this is how I feel.
>> [ GASPS ]
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ TWINKLE! ]
[ HEAVENLY VOCALIZING ]
>> Dad: SHE WAS A MONSTER!
[ SNIFFLES ]
BUT HE MADE HER BEAUTIFUL
[SNIFFLES] WITH HIS LOVE
[SNIFFLES] LIKE IN THE PLAY, BUT
BACKWARDS!
>> Anais: YEAH, I KINDA THINK WE
ALL GOT THAT, DAD.